hello everybody Jimmy is promo here and
today I'm gonna show you guys you can
actually have your Samsung Galaxy s6
have removable storage / the expandable
storage now though it is not built into
the device in terms of the little SD
card slot but I will tell you it is nice
to have this for when you're traveling
or if you'd like to go into where all of
your movies are at and just you guys
know this one is made by leaf and
Samsung does have one as well I kind of
picked this one up because you have the
reader that is on the top and you also
have a little SD card compartment on the
bottom that can hold a second one so you
don't have to keep opening and closing
the back cover of your phone you just
basically switch these on out or let's
say that there is some music or movies
that is on my SD card that my friend
would like to have basically you would
just actually pull on down the
notifications bar on the top click on
USB mass-storage connection and this
right here will actually habit or it is
disabled and you can actually remove it
safely so the galaxy s6 does not have
the SD card slot and the main reason
from samsung is because the flash stores
inside of this phone is so fast an SD
card will actually be able to slow it
down
also as everybody knows as consumers all
of us who have samsung devices and any
other Android device some of these SD
cards can actually go corrupt so the
most important thing is have everything
backed up on a cloud service and one
thing that you'd be able to use is
either one drive or you can also use the
Dropbox those are my two favorite ones
and then also when you go on your little
trips this is where you have your music
movies and things like that so in terms
of the little SD card reader and if you
guys are searching online for this all
you have to do is basically search for
micro USB to micro SD card reader and so
the cool thing is that below this video
I will keep adding in different ones
that I'm finding just so you guys can
see all the different brands that are
out there and then this way you'd be
able to expand the storage in your phone
what's the good thing is that these
start off with 32 gigs internal and then
goes all the way up to 128 another way
you'd be able to search for these little
readers is just refer to as OTG micro SD
card reader which is basically on the go
and you're looking for the microSD card
reader and that's what you guys would be
able to search for on Amazon or anything
else so for the little reader that I
have if you guys check out the leaf code
comm or you can also go to Amazon you
can check out where you can find this
one on there as well too and the Samsung
one is there as well and this is where
you'd be able to check out the little
leaf access micro SD reader and then
they also have another one on the very
bottom too which is basically a bridge
that would also go from usb and then
there's a microUSB side of it as well
and up over here is where you can check
out the mobile products USB flash
storage memory cards things like that so
I hope this video has helped you guys
out make sure you guys hit I'll like and
subscribe and I'll see you guys later